Team Name: Axia
Slogan: Smart Finance, Simple Solutions
Team Members: Samantha Steenbruggen, Jacob Hebbel, Jake Collen, Ryan Thomas, Matthew Lifrieri

Lab 7: The purpose of this lab was to practice PHP and SQL by creating a webpage to recreate a spookier version of an LMS. The project focused on building a functional, dynamic web application that could store, retrieve, and display data from a database while incorporating a visually engaging spooky theme (yay halloween!). Our goal was to combine back-end development with front-end design, focusing on database interactions, server-side scripting, and user interface elements. By completing this lab, the goal was to strengthen our skills in SQL query design, PHP integration with HTML, and the creation of interactive web pages that respond to user input. The team collaborated on database design, query development, page styling, and debugging to successfully implement the lab requirements. Below, you will find the SQL queries ran for our database. 

Contributions: For this lab, I was responsible for the HTML, CSS and JS files. I was responsible for brainstorming how to make our site spooky, as well as finding a spooky font (which was inspired by The Rocky Horror Picture Show). I created a layout similar to regular LMS, hence the course name at the top, the menu being on the left, and the content loaded on the right. With just our descriptions in the content portion, it felt rather empty, so I found a spooky image to put there. See below for image source. For the javascript, I was responsible for creating the script that loads the data into the webpage via our json in the database. It was initally created based on the json file and not the database, with one line that needed to be swapped out to fit the assignment requirements. 

Temporary Blockers: The biggest blocker I faced for this lab was working around my groupmates, who were responsible for other portions of this lab. We divided up the sections among ourselves, and I could not populate the frontend via the database until it was created and the SQL/PHP was completed, and those portions were dependent on the creation of the json file. Eventually, I ended up creating the javascript to populate based on the json file, and left a note for my groupmates to swap out that line to retrieve from the database once it was finshed. This resolved the issue, as I was able to complete my assigned portion without waiting for my groupmates who were planning on doing it Tuesday night. 

Image Sources:
- https://wallpapers.com/background/spooky-background-6san6fli9tt43iqv.html